can I help you
y-yes yes you can I'm here to report a
terrible crime and what terrible crime
is that this one nah I told this
all wrong quick history lesson this all
started when the Joker and I broke up
it was completely usual and soon enough
I was back on my feet ready to embrace
the fierce goddess within it's oh so now
that I cut ties with mr. J I'm about to
learn that a lot of people want me dead
oh hello I'm at the top of that list is
this guy
I wasn't the only daemon got them
looking for emancipation robbed him you
betrayed him
you'd kill these BFF what you are so
cool you're dumb enough to be building a
case against him so unless we all wanna
die
very unpleasant death we're gonna have
to work together sure
psychologically speaking vengeance
rarely brings the catharsis we hope for
yeah are we ready
oh is that a hyena in a bottle
named and bruised after that hunky wine
guy so how would you feel about going to
the mountains of Christmas with grace
she really wants to get to know you guys
that's our mom's hat Wow okay I don't
want to leave you here with the kids if
you're not feeling I'm talk I'm feeling
fine it was my idea and it's a couple
days I can do a couple days
okay guys a mom fun what is that that's
right everyone committed suicide a super
repent and you will find salvage things
are very uncomfortable between us
we're stuck in a house together what is
this the power's out where are my things
it makes no sense
what I heard something hello did you do
that you didn't do anything
we're leaving what are you talking about
look outside we're stuck here
okay
trust me
you have nothing to be scared about
so tell me boy what did you see
nothing I done what did you see in the
image ooh you know what the Chairman
still to the Jews I thought we were safe
under the line you know we always said
if we ever got separated we donate a
gram yourselves I'm staying till onion
comes some people collect coins stamps
we collect enemies of the Reich children
Jewish children
Benjamin gets them across the mountains
into Spain now safe there let's just
keep this a secret though German
soldiers during the village papers must
be carries at all times patrols will
take place along the border make sure
that no spring jewel crosses those
mountains into Spain for those with
secrets rest assured we will come to
your door
[Music]
I'm little Ernie hands getting close
attention
if the tape comes I'll be taking one of
them with me
when can Benjamin take them they'll
never give them best if at all there's
always a price to be paid you may have a
despot RV but I don't their invaders
never forget your monster the searching
houses I'm not leaving
we've got to get two children across the
border we can make it
[Music]
one day Anna will be one of those
children I'll never give up hope
there is an elevator in the elevator you
press the button to the floor with no
name behind those doors is a life
you always tremble
[Music]
the pioneer prepare this weekend you
will be our guests
here anything and everything is possible
no service it's not everything is
possible
good evening I am mr. Erick let me
officially welcome you to Fantasy Island
[Music]
[Applause]
curious how this all works what if your
fantasy involves a person from your life
Holograms like to buck what if it's
somebody who died to pop them so what's
your fantasy revenge on a childhood
bully at the your life is about to
change
[Music]
parody
that is really good hologram there is
only one fantasy per guest
and you must see your fantasy through
her no matter what
oh my god that's really her porch this
is not what I meant
what the hell is this place
people died here the islands twisting
what we asked
[Applause]
we weren't brought here to have our own
fantasies oh honey we were brought here
to be a part of something else
I'm your friend
[Music]
I'm Sonic a little ball of super energy
in an extremely handsome package on my
planet people were always after my
powers so I came to yours it gets a
little lonely I am living my best life
on earth
oh let the place honey at the pitcher's
mound also sonic no I can't with that
guy are you hiding out in my garage if
they steal my power they could conquer
the universe
you have to help me Louie don't please
it's life or death
good morning my royal chum mr. dr.
Robotnik I'm going to give you five
seconds to tell me where it is wait
don't hurt him
road trip this can't be happening me oh
my god stop look alright what the
world's largest rubber band ball we
gotta see it no this is not some fun
family road trip you're right
it was lame gift shop let's go though
[Music]
whatever this creature is I'm going to
uncover the source its power
[Music]
I just thought you might like a latte
with steamed Austrian goat milk of
course I would a lot of take I love the
way you make them without a lay low let
me show you how it's done so super get
out of here
yeah time to go I always want to do this
that was an illegal left by the way why
would you throw your life away for this
silliness of alien good time is my
friend
[Applause]
my power
and I'm using it to protect my friends
so you're supposed to be Tom's best
friend that he won't shut up about well
I don't see the appeal my daughter I put
my love into photographs pictures took
space in my heart and instead of people
this was supposed to be a date it is
good I love you I love you too
I just don't understand why she couldn't
tell me about her life while she was
alive
maybe if she thought it would help you
look at her another way hey I'm Michael
block from the Republic and doing a
story about your mom coming to be honest
I was a little distracted so I kept
running back in my mom now you might
respond to me asking you for a drink so
that was he asking me in my mind it
wasn't that forward you know it was more
smoother than that I'm terrible at
Thursday I just don't know whether to be
vulnerable aloof funny I just be
yourself
one of the fish started early in the
night the kitchen
it wasn't any reason love this written
all over your face
you look so sappy as a barrister wanna
believe what you say
oh you got your head down like you pray
cuz I might need to before would you
pray for
a little power
I keep reading her words don't you want
more than this
would you know more do you want my
mother wasn't very good at love what if
I'm just like her how are you supposed
to know if you want to spend forever
with someone I want to try to be
together it's not practical I'm not
trying to be practical want to be with
you
I said the opposite of everything that I
wanted to say how I shouldn't leave
people by and so often I'll let leave 30
years later still trying to figure that
out what would you've done different I
would have gone after my name I wish I
have put as much courage into love as
out put it more I don't want to lose you
because I'm afraid to love you
you don't have to be afraid
which I'll do when the power went out
today she did a little sip and smile
thing like happy family
please look into the camera please smile
just been through a lot lately my dad
passed away eight months ago so we came
here talking to him
you lose a parent and the ticking gets
louder every day is all we have yep
maybe we ski the Beast after lunch
I don't think it'll be that challenging
it'll be fine
is that okay yeah it's fine
it looked like it was gonna kill us for
a moment the kids were screaming because
it felt like we were gonna die hate and
I look over at Pete and he had grabbed
his phone Pete left us knifes I didn't
leave you to be buried I'm gonna win I
ran to get out yes I'm gonna win this I
choose to serve
I love my family every day how can I run
away in ski boots
what can you run in ski boots not very
well exactly
regardless I wouldn't leave my family to
die that's boom you have a right to be
angry it's black and white
well no it's black and white how old are
you 30
oh there's only one thing I have to
worry about right now and that's going
down
I don't understand why there weren't any
warnings posted anywhere there was a why
why posted eyelift scandalous hotel
receptions restaurants shops Baris
solucin sites we didn't see any of that
well do you notice anything different
about the suit is this a quiz I get it
right - again not a bonus I don't want
you to get it right that means what I
did worked
I'm gonna get it wrong on purpose huh
for once in your life can you be bloody
normal I am normal very normal
[Music]
as long
it's for the flowers and heart-shaped
boxes
things were too young too
I love
you
[Music]
don't tell her friend I got the
continuum as normal that's my job and
all this
[Music]
this feeling I can get through it all
yeah what's up changed me I don't think
it has I don't think I wanted to
[Music]
there isn't a moment I won't be there
but I'm gonna torture you you know money
talk to me now
[Music]
inoko boku no hero ananda my god tomaso
nah me nah da matta cuerto Josh sorry
Mata Tata coroneted i'ma say Ahana
sinico name panel or Okinawa Sonia rena
[Music]
bena to go ito nani dinner
tena koe no katachi scary t-rex Xterra
[Music]
totally chilly mobile pizza I mean II
know technically technically the same
poem or y ahora no negai wa inna
corrigible Nanami nina raedo koto
[Music]
the Yukon is a dangerous place you never
know what's coming I came up here
because I didn't want to be around
anyone and then I met buck he was a dog
like no other
they've been spoiled kanava and he'd
suffered
[Music]
but he could not be broken I don't know
where you came from but I know where you
are now welcome to the last place on the
earth I should let him have a minute
doesn't look like he's ever seen snow
before
how do you feel about an adventure
beyond old maps we should go you and I
where no one's ever been before
see what's out there
I'm glad you're enjoying this
I never saw him believe in anything as
much as he believes in you
[Music]
what do you say buck
adventure of a lifetime
[Applause]
you know sleeping for two days in my bed
dude fun to be scared sometimes huh it's
bad it's just a dog
it's pretty violent
I understand that some of youth
behaviour would be upsetting
but I urge you to find a place where he
feels safe I think it would be good for
him good for all of us
oh my goodness they gonna almost be the
main house come on Jude
[Music]
and it's like he was broken before and
put back together who's this handsome
chap Brahms
how'd you come up with that he tells me
all sorts of things okay I just think
it's all a little bit creepy is this
your new friend Brahms what are some of
the things you talk about the other
families he's Lovelace I'm gonna take
this all away from him
yes it's just always that first
something is happening to him you knew
your boy would find your mommy I love
you
[Music]
[Applause]
dearly beloved friends we gather here
but in this time of man's great
innocence innocence innocence
[Music]
this moat house you saw tops such news
as the attorney representing Adrienne's
trust I'm required to read a prepared
statement Cecelia although our
relationship was far from perfect I
thought that you would talk to me rather
than run away okay what happened to him
he cut his wrists for his final wishes
you're getting five million dollars
contingent of course on the fine print
it can't be a rule to be mentally
incompetent it just doesn't make any
sense
what Adrienne wouldn't kill himself
listen getting your freedom back okay
don't let him haunt you
[Music]
I'm scared you don't have to be scared
of him anymore he was a sociopath
completely in control of everything he
said that wherever I went he would find
me walk right up to me and I wouldn't be
able to see him okay someone's sitting
in that chair I found something they
can't prove what I'm experiencing you
need help
Adrian is dead I went to sell us today
he's not dead I have a pile of ashes in
the box that would disagree with you he
has figured out a way to be invisible
only thing more brilliant and inventing
something that makes you a visible thing
it was coming up with the perfect way to
torture you even in death Adrian's true
genius was how he got in people's heads
don't come any closer
crazy you're saying the person trying to
kill you
is in the room right now but we can't
see him
[Music]
who you are
now time for the man you've all been
waiting for the king of the high street
you've been described as the
unacceptable face of capitalism I've
done nothing wrong
[Music]
this is Nick he's chronically by life
just loves money he peed himself on his
ways 1.2 billion Pope's for all of you
[Music]
at least look a bit more like a model
before start not that you look great it
was his own learn from the start what is
the average wage in Sri Lanka 50 P and
day imagine how many dresses I can get
made there's a bully not you had to save
Myers it's a parasite its Korsak tax
avoidance go white look at that you got
by a view like that oh wait no I have
we've been working this party for over a
year he wants it to repair his
reputation it's all about image
the to PR at the model it's all part of
a brand
how about is it you know who reads the
mail online is cleavage clickbait yeah I
said I'm the tip this time
[Music]
Angelina's now amazing it's sharing the
knows you even get doubles quick
question on your mind the look-alikes
yep Simon Cowell he's good yeah looks
like what Stuart Spitzer older brother
so that George Michael George Walker is
dead you stop staring we please is very
off-putting
what noise I'm in the business of loud
I've got a lion we recreate in Gladiator
[Music]
that's fuchsia
yeah fuchsia you should spit in your
faces I want in your face I am in your
face
[Music]